[DOCS] Add supported ESS settings to ES docs (#57953)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/warehouse/wh_cloud.asciidoc

> == Cloud warehouse

Reviewer: Do we still want to keep this file?

Author: @gtback, I intended to keep this file because these settings were not surfaced anywhere specifically in the ES Reference.

Author: @debadair, I created a new [Index management settings](https://elasticsearch_57953.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/index-management-settings.html) page to house some of these orphan settings that didn't fit well into existing categories. The page is somewhat of a miscellaneous index bucket, but I didn't want to bury these settings or shoehorn them into pages where they don't fit.

Another consideration is adding them to the [ILM settings](https://elasticsearch_57953.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/ilm-settings.html) page as Miscellaneous index settings_ (like in the [Cluster-level settings page](https://elasticsearch_57953.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/modules-cluster.html#misc-cluster-settings).

Reviewer 2: I think having them on a separate page is the right call--they aren't really related to ILM, they are more akin to the cluster-level settings. (In fact, the one *is* a cluster setting.) Since they affect how you work with indices, though, grouping them under Index management seems reasonable.

This file contains warehouse information for {ess} as it relates to {es}.

NOTE: This file is not published anywhere in the {ess} or {es} documentation. Instead, it contains settings, notes, and other information that is pulled into other files using `include::` directives.

=== Settings

> [[cloud-auto-create-index]]
> // tag::cloud-auto-create-index-tag[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[auto-create-index]]
// tag::auto-create-index-tag[]
```

`action.auto_create_index` {ess-icon}::

> <<index-creation,Automatically create an index>> if it doesn't already exist and apply any configured index templates. Default: `true`.

Reviewer 2: I think this needs a little more context.

```suggestion
When documents are written to an index that does not exist, <<index-creation,automatically create the index>> and apply any applicable index templates. Default: `true`.
```

> // end::cloud-auto-create-index-tag[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// end::auto-create-index-tag[]
```

> [[cloud-action-destructive-requires-name]]
> // tag::cloud-action-destructive-requires-name-tag[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[action-destructive-requires-name]]
// tag::action-destructive-requires-name-tag[]
```

`action.destructive_requires_name` {ess-icon}::

> When set to `true`, you must <<indices-delete-index,specify the index name>> to delete an index. It is not possible to `delete _all` or use wildcards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, you must <<indices-delete-index,specify the index name>> to delete an index. It is not possible to `delete _all` or use wildcards. Defaults to `false`.
```

> // end::cloud-action-destructive-requires-name-tag[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// end::action-destructive-requires-name-tag[]
```

> [[cloud-cluster-indices-close-enable]]
> // tag::cloud-cluster-indices-close-enable-tag[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[cluster-indices-close-enable]]
// tag::cluster-indices-close-enable-tag[]
```

`cluster.indices.close.enable` {ess-icon}::

> Enables closing indices in {es} version 2.2 and later. You might enable this setting temporarily to change the analyzer configuration for an existing index. We strongly recommend leaving this set to `false` (the default) otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allows indices to be <<indices-close, closed>>. 
You might temporarily enable this setting to close an index so you can change the analyzer configuration. We strongly recommend leaving this set to `false` (the default) unless you explicitly need to close an index.
```

+
IMPORTANT: Closed indices are a data loss risk because they are not included when you make cluster configuration changes, such as scaling to a different capacity, failover, and many other operations. Additionally, closed indices can lead to inaccurate disk space counts.
+

> See <<open-index-api-desc,Open index API>> for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the <<open-index-api-desc,Open index API>> for more information.
```

> // end::cloud-cluster-indices-close-enable-tag[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// end::cluster-indices-close-enable-tag[]
```

> [[cloud-node-ingest]]
> // tag::cloud-node-ingest-tag[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[node-ingest]]
// tag::node-ingest-tag[]
```

`node.ingest` {ess-icon}::

> Determines whether a node is an ingest node. <<ingest,Ingest nodes>> can apply an ingest pipeline to transform and enrich a document before indexing. Default: `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Designates a node as an ingest node. <<ingest,Ingest nodes>> can use ingest pipelines to transform and enrich documents before indexing. Default: `true`.
```

> // end::cloud-node-ingest-tag[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// end::node-ingest-tag[]
```

> [[cloud-repositories-url-allowed]]
> // tag::cloud-repositories-url-allowed[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[repositories-url-allowed]]
// tag::repositories-url-allowed[]
```

`repositories.url.allowed_urls` {ess-icon}::

> Enables whitelisting of <<snapshots-read-only-repository,read-only URL repositories>>.
> // end::cloud-repositories-url-allowed[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the <<snapshots-read-only-repository,read-only URL repositories>> that snapshots can be restored from.
// end::repositories-url-allowed[]
```

> [[cloud-reindex-remote-whitelist]]
> // tag::cloud-reindex-remote-whitelist[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[reindex-remote-whitelist]]
// tag::reindex-remote-whitelist[]
```

`reindex.remote.whitelist` {ess-icon}::

> Whitelists the hosts that can be <<reindex-from-remote,reindexed from remotely>>. Expects a YAML array of `host:port` strings. Consists of a comma-delimited list of `host:port` entries. Defaults to `["\*.io:*", "\*.com:*"]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the hosts that can be <<reindex-from-remote,reindexed from remotely>>. Expects a YAML array of `host:port` strings. Consists of a comma-delimited list of `host:port` entries. Defaults to `["\*.io:*", "\*.com:*"]`.
```

> // end::cloud-reindex-remote-whitelist[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// end::reindex-remote-whitelist[]
```
